
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.853524                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1853523837000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1853523837000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161215                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   161215                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4829136379                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 821464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   383.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61877553                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      61877553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1236928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        34185216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      2748864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           38171008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1236928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1236928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23011072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23011072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            19327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           534144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide         42951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              596422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        359548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             359548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             667339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           18443365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide         1483048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              20593751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        667339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           667339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12414770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12414770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12414770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            667339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          18443365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide        1483048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             33008521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      596422                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     359548                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    596422                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   359548                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               38160192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23010304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                38171008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23011072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          175                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             37206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             37089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             37900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             38670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             37292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             37963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             36424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             36970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             37022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            36774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            36854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            36789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            37661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            37993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            36886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             22309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             23531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             22282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            21982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            22015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            22081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            22539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            22713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            22479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1853519446000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                596422                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               359548                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  324840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  135456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   73050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   24690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    4533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    3997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                    4183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                    2625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                   2194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                   2073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                   1946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                   1881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                   1633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                   1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                   1606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                   1617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                   1776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                   1296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   6472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  10615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  15584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  19415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  19843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  20980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  21407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  25546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  24149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  24880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  11674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   8744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   4972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   1252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   1173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                   1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                   1300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                   1494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                   1574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                   1796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                   1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                   1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   1818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   1987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   1936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   1906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   1794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   1541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   1275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        88651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    630.233703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   401.213913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   420.616304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18612     20.99%     20.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9654     10.89%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4838      5.46%     37.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3270      3.69%     41.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2712      3.06%     44.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2198      2.48%     46.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2152      2.43%     49.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5036      5.68%     54.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40179     45.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        88651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.185522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    868.741253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        21892     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         21895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.420918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.330030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.319159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         20575     93.97%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           819      3.74%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           147      0.67%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            45      0.21%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            92      0.42%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            44      0.20%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            50      0.23%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            10      0.05%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             5      0.02%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            13      0.06%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            12      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            13      0.06%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            13      0.06%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             8      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             5      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            16      0.07%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             8      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             3      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             5      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             8      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         21895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19259980000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             28518395000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2981265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                6277150000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     32301.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  10527.66                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47829.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     20.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.71                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   530205                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  315689                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1938888.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.prechargeAllPercent             0.39                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     33042542                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              297392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             297317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            359548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            305946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           305946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       129053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       129053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        30874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1424031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1455055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1584108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5496704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5496704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        41172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     55685376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     55726548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            61223252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               61223252                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            21888                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            27863998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3982902750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               97000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          389702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         5153124319                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                43125                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.342940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                43125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1711315588000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.342940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.021434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.021434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               388493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              388493                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        42976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           42976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             43166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            43166                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     31148871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31148871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13655755421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13655755421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13686904292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  13686904292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13686904292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  13686904292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        42976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         42976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           43166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          43166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 163941.426316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163941.426316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 317753.058009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 317753.058009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        406043                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                29702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.670561                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           42935                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                42935                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        42976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        42976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21266871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21266871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11418573421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11418573421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11439840292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11439840292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11439840292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11439840292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 111930.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111930.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 265696.514822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265696.514822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 316                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2742272                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        355                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                16161228                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          13852925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            392513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10914910                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 7483755                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             68.564514                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  917137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              36138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     11651852                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      45103                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           505                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   998354                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     7873889                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     12301                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          464                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  367679                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     19525741                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      57404                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           969                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1366033                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     1330651                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     32946                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                         1143                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 1363597                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                        122088040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           26628615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       85451166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    16161228                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            8400892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      16076463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 2564049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               49117809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                32615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        262339                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       343740                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          264                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  10149401                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                360244                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           94029330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.908771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.241973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 77952867     82.90%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   922441      0.98%     83.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1954114      2.08%     85.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   813918      0.87%     86.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4176467      4.44%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   616205      0.66%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   671863      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1010968      1.08%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  5910487      6.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             94029330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.132374                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.699914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 28503465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              48288145                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  14190110                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1522184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1525425                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved               621231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                 42475                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               83077708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                130604                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1525425                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 30049868                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                12498644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       30679965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  13738542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               5536884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               78399482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 20604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 444534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               2882279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            52123097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              95622830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         95441809                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            168273                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              44148620                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  7974469                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            1801824                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         375362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  14873537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             12171236                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             8415987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1452386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           896050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   68513835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2146227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  66640359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            112922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         8469806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5176652                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        1318904                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      94029330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.708719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.353041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            65025363     69.15%     69.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            12286418     13.07%     82.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             6478325      6.89%     89.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             4289744      4.56%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             3035306      3.23%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1608539      1.71%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              869117      0.92%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              362706      0.39%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               73812      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        94029330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   78004     10.40%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 372459     49.68%     60.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                299269     39.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              7734      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              45506706     68.29%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                62218      0.09%     68.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     68.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               26653      0.04%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                3863      0.01%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             12135306     18.21%     86.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             7954966     11.94%     98.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess             942913      1.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               66640359                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.545839                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      749732                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.011250                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          227394400                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          78758601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     64671625                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              778301                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             385166                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       365551                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               66977475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  404882                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           662724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1677973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2955                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14222                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       758788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        17419                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        567707                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1525425                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 7781977                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                439257                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            74830395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           1959140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              12171236                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              8415987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            1861306                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 252283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 24293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          14222                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         198704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       400863                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               599567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              65832712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              11725827                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            807646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                       4170333                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     19627496                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 10658546                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    7901669                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.539223                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       65157511                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      65037176                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  31721592                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  41716404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.532707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.760411                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         8966336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          827323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            554821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     92503905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.710496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.654911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     68602785     74.16%     74.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9947232     10.75%     84.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4809727      5.20%     90.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3112977      3.37%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1914644      2.07%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       710424      0.77%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537204      0.58%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       567203      0.61%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2301709      2.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     92503905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             65723630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               65723630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       18150462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      10493263                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      266447                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   10169531                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     360456                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  60842871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               755650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2301709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    164627786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   150906694                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          894672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        28058710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3584952924                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                    61877553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      61877553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              61877553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.973059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.973059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.506827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.506827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 86392015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                46520948                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    167352                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   168204                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 2314070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                1200755                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.l2.tags.replacements                    519858                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32456.235891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1473687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    519858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.834788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3524929750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    21222.968889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       3696.330619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7536.936384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.647674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.112803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.230009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        21709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975372                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  23881290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 23881290                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst               824753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data               498524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1323277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           825457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                825457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data               4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             160579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                160579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                824753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                659103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1483856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               824753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               659103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1483856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst              19329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data             271375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                290704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           263035                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              263035                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               19329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              534410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 553739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              19329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             534410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                553739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1489515496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21068374997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22557890493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        46998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        46998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24190173436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   24190173436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    1489515496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   45258548433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      46748063929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1489515496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  45258548433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     46748063929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           844082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           769899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1613981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       825457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            825457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         423614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            423614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            844082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2037595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           844082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1193513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2037595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.022899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.352481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.180116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.712418                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.712418                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.620931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.620931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.022899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.447762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.271761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.022899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.447762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.271761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77061.177298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77635.651762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77597.454775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   431.174312                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   431.174312                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91965.606995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91965.606995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77061.177298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84688.812771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84422.559959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77061.177298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84688.812771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84422.559959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               316613                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    316613                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         19328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        271375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           290703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           109                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       263035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         263035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          19328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         534410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            553738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         19328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        534410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           553738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1245812504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17702172003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18947984507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1092609                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1092609                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20936157064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20936157064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1245812504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38638329067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39884141571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1245812504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38638329067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39884141571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1264635500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1264635500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1783751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1783751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3048387000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3048387000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.180116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.712418                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712418                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.447762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.271761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.447762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.271761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64456.358858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65231.403051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65179.872609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10023.935780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10023.935780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79594.567506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79594.567506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64456.358858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72300.909539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72027.098684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64456.358858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72300.909539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72027.098684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    98889081                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1620872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1620734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           825457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           466589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          423622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1688366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3243808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4932174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     54021248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    129259092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          183280340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             183271700                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus           21568                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2269358484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1270160663                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1877535903                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1508877                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6689                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6689                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51914                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51914                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        30874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        86332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        86332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        18656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        41172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2755568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2755568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2796740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2796740                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13538000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             3722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           393142292                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            21936000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            843520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.367587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9234608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            843520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             10.947705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       28831966250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.367587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          21143078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         21143078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      9253649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9253649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       9253649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9253649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      9253649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9253649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       895748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        895748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       895748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         895748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       895748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        895748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12954968406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12954968406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12954968406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12954968406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12954968406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12954968406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     10149397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10149397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     10149397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10149397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     10149397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10149397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14462.737741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.737741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          609                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.442529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   304.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        51464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        51464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        51464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        51464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        51464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       844284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       844284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       844284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       844284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       844284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       844284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10597826332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10597826332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10597826332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10597826332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10597826332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10597826332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12552.442462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.442462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1192397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.985138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14077968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1192397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.806444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          36330000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.985138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          37535378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         37535378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      8951057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         8951057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4525044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4525044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       276476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       276476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       349603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       349603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13476101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13476101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13476101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13476101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1284759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1284759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2768390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2768390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        15636                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15636                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4053149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4053149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4053149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4053149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41067937570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41067937570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 156371333577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 156371333577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    254834750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    254834750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        77001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        77001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 197439271147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 197439271147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 197439271147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 197439271147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     10235816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10235816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      7293434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7293434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       292112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       292112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       349608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       349608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     17529250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17529250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     17529250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17529250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.379573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053527                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.053527                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.231222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.231222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.231222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.231222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31965.479572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31965.479572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56484.575359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56484.575359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16297.950243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16297.950243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      9809896                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            173848                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.428006                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   156.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       825457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            825457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       527260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       527260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2344765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2344765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         3094                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         3094                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2872025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2872025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2872025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2872025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       757499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       757499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       423625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       423625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1181124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1181124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1181124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1181124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26775063763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26775063763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26277391676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26277391676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    161466750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161466750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        66999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        66999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53052455439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53052455439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53052455439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53052455439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1349122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1349122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1891021998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1891021998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3240144498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3240144498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042936                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042936                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35346.665491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35346.665491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62029.841667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62029.841667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12874.083081                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12874.083081                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13399.800000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13399.800000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6299                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     204366                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    73522     41.32%     41.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      93      0.05%     41.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1876      1.05%     42.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  102430     57.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               177921                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     72153     49.33%     49.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       93      0.06%     49.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1876      1.28%     50.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    72153     49.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                146275                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1814726516000     97.91%     97.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                47124000      0.00%     97.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               523156500      0.03%     97.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             38226176500      2.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1853522973000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981380                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.704413                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.822135                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          9      2.61%      2.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         32      9.28%     11.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.16%     13.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         44     12.75%     25.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.29%     26.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.29%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        16      4.64%     31.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        12      3.48%     34.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.74%     36.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.16%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.74%     39.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        12      3.48%     42.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.58%     43.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        57     16.52%     59.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.74%     61.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        11      3.19%     64.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      2.90%     67.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.29%     67.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         8      2.32%     70.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        58     16.81%     86.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.87%     87.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        17      4.93%     92.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.29%     93.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.87%     93.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.61%     96.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.58%     97.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.58%     97.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.16%     98.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.58%     99.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.58%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    345                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4225      2.29%      2.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       57      0.03%      2.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                170732     92.68%     95.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    3222      1.75%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.01%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5219      2.83%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  543      0.29%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      183      0.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 184213                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6080                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1894                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2030                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2039                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1894                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   145                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.335362                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.071429                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.407637                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        29246530000      1.58%      1.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           2792586500      0.15%      1.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1821483848500     98.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4226                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001556                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1556352000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1855080189000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5905294                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5905283                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              144651732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 822436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    63536616                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      63536616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           34944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           43072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       598016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             676032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        34944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         34944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       606016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          606016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide          9344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               10563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          9469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               9469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           22452504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           27674973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide       384242125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             434369603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      22452504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         22452504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       389382351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            389382351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       389382351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          22452504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          27674973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide      384242125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823751953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       10563                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       9469                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     10563                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     9469                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 674624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  604736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  676032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               606016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    1545323500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 10563                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 9469                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    1118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                     994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                     914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                     579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                    473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                    464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                    424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                    408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                    363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                    356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                    347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                    353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                    389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                    306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    986.657851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   931.847049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.886043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           30      2.48%      2.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           11      0.91%      3.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383            2      0.17%      3.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511            7      0.58%      4.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            1      0.08%      4.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      0.17%      4.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.08%      4.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1156     95.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.136276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     58.947749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            515     98.85%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            2      0.38%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.136276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.475994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      6.395510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           447     85.80%     85.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19             3      0.58%     86.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             8      1.54%     87.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            17      3.26%     91.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            10      1.92%     93.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            12      2.30%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             2      0.38%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             2      0.38%     96.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.19%     96.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             2      0.38%     96.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.19%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             2      0.38%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             3      0.58%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.38%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             6      1.15%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.19%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.19%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1471229500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1568773250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   52705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                  44838750                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    139572.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   4253.75                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               148825.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       433.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       388.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    434.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    389.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.79                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     9540                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8923                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                94.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77142.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.prechargeAllPercent            14.05                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                    828403857                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              9469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        28166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        28166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         4709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  32875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1199104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1199104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        82944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        84680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             1283784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1283784                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus             5504                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1693000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy            96275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           85128250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           13280736                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 9430                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 9446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                84870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               84870                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide         9408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            9408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              9430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             9430                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2495990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2495990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3000849341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3000849341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3003345331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3003345331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3003345331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3003345331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         9408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          9408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            9430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           9430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 113454.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113454.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 318967.829613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318967.829613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         90988                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.827964                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            9392                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 9392                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         9408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1351990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1351990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2511116841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2511116841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2512468831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2512468831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2512468831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2512468831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 61454.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61454.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 266912.929528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266912.929528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  73                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   602112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         74                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  425834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            332945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             20100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               281394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                  167242                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             59.433392                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   36834                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               1718                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       362684                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       3794                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            44                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   136886                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      261433                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1708                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          127                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   67292                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       624117                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       5502                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           171                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   204178                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      115852                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      7866                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          292                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  123718                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                          2750097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             765234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        2308556                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      425834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches             204076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        422243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   90784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles                1153779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 2400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         40229                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2542                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    308172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 12770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            2446441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.943639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.309447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  2024198     82.74%     82.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                    29006      1.19%     83.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    40044      1.64%     85.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                    43799      1.79%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    59534      2.43%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                    29889      1.22%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    27309      1.12%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    24666      1.01%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   167996      6.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              2446441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.154843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.839445                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   811750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               1160476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    397633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 18982                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                  57600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved                25888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                  2470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                2256772                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                  7530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                  57600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   843930                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  263744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles         783318                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    383290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                114559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                2149381                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  12682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents                 35131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             1422564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               2625124                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          2621265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              3316                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               1158647                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   263917                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts              67593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           8092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    300635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               393250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              275782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads             62753                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            55457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1921585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               61462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   1836955                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              3359                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          307887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       178026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          40878                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       2446441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.750868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.439629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             1697954     69.41%     69.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              293568     12.00%     81.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              157640      6.44%     87.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              118394      4.84%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               89009      3.64%     96.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               42867      1.75%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               29167      1.19%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               15184      0.62%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                2658      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         2446441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    1475      3.61%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      3.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  21228     51.98%     55.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 18137     44.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               458      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               1144476     62.30%     62.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  414      0.02%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                1182      0.06%     62.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 227      0.01%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               382829     20.84%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              266149     14.49%     97.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess              41220      2.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                1836955                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.667960                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       40840                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.022232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            6153516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           2286472                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1790088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               11034                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               5452                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5301                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                1871644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    5693                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            22178                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        67947                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          185                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1006                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23240                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          692                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1944                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                  57600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  228282                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  5933                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             2070747                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             25383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                393250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               275782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              52562                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   2300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  2618                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           1006                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           9672                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        18069                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                27741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               1815763                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                368342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             21192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                         87700                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       632206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   275571                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     263864                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.660254                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        1805245                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       1795389                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                    848658                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1137887                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.652846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.745819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          329742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           20584                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts             25207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.724505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.705551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1777644     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       267800     11.21%     85.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105598      4.42%     90.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64494      2.70%     92.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47958      2.01%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23550      0.99%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        23368      0.98%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        18973      0.79%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        59456      2.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              1730727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                1730727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         577845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                        325303                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                        7840                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     252181                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       5179                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   1625978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                28518                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 59456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      4361454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     4178763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           15436                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          303656                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                       362568                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1659063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       1659063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total               1659063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.657621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.657621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.603274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.603274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  2369365                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 1265051                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      3230                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     3047                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                   68237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                  35279                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1192                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32347.121690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      466121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     33055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     14.101376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15915.190358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8473.656511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7958.274821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.485693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.258595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.242867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        21979                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972382                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    567762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   567762                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                25635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data                12729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   38364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              12560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 12560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 25635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 25289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    50924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                25635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                25289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   50924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  1221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38811500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     38296250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        77107750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8426998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8426998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      38811500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      46723248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         85534748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38811500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     46723248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        85534748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            26181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            13274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               39455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          12690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             26181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             25964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                52145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            26181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            25964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               52145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.020855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.041058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.027652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.846154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.846154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.010244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.010244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.020855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.025998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.023415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.020855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.025998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.023415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71083.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70268.348624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70676.214482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64823.061538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64823.061538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69219.626667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70053.028665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69219.626667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70053.028665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   77                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        77                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              1221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             1221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     31947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     31391750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63338750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       110011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6819502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6819502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     31947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     38211252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70158252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     31947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     38211252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70158252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136721500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136721500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data     74812500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     74812500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    211534000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    211534000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.027652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.023415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.023415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58510.989011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57599.541284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58055.682860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52457.707692                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52457.707692                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58510.989011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56609.262222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57459.665848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58510.989011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56609.262222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57459.665848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2848964759                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              40161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             40161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            17080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            22098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        52369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                123593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1675584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2757960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total            4433544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               4432136                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus            1856                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           52447500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            33000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          39381728                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          39940761                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                     388102434                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  699                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 699                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9814                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9814                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        18860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        18860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   21026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       602288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       602288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total               604024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                  604024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               70000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              930000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            86022081                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             9705750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             26185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.749284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              298708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             26694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             11.190080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.749284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            642532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           642532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       279667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          279667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        279667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           279667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       279667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          279667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        28505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         28505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        28505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          28505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        28505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         28505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    400966971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    400966971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    400966971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    400966971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    400966971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    400966971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       308172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       308172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       308172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       308172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       308172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       308172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14066.548711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14066.548711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14066.548711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14066.548711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14066.548711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14066.548711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        26188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        26188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        26188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321837772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321837772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321837772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321837772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321837772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321837772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.084979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.084979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.084979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12289.513212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12289.513212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12289.513212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12289.513212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12289.513212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12289.513212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             25964                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              482235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             26988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.868497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1211030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1211030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       292650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          292650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       151280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         151280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         6795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        443930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           443930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       443930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          443930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        40534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         40534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        93874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        93874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       134408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         134408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       134408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        134408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    668878257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668878257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1202418215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1202418215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8985750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8985750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        25501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1871296472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1871296472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1871296472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1871296472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       333184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       333184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       245154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       245154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         7506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       578338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       578338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       578338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       578338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.382918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.382918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.232404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.232404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.232404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.232404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16501.659274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16501.659274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12808.852451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12808.852451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12638.185654                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12638.185654                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        25501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        25501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13922.508125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13922.508125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13922.508125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13922.508125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14474                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1904                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.601891                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             17080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        27595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        27595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        81177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        81177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          370                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       108772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       108772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       108772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       108772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          341                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    176490002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176490002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    147568988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147568988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3859750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3859750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        23499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        23499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    324058990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    324058990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    324058990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    324058990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    145522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    145522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data     79684500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     79684500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    225207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    225207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045430                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045430                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13640.157817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.157817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11622.350792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11622.350792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11318.914956                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11318.914956                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        23499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12640.778203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12640.778203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12640.778203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12640.778203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       39                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7521                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     2214     45.03%     45.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      20      0.41%     45.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.02%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2682     54.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4917                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      2210     49.76%     49.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       20      0.45%     50.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.02%     50.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     2210     49.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  4441                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               1281674000     82.35%     82.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                11365500      0.73%     83.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  372000      0.02%     83.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               262969500     16.90%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           1556381000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998193                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.824012                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.903193                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          2      5.71%      5.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          3      8.57%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          5     14.29%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          3      8.57%     37.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         3      8.57%     45.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      2.86%     48.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      2.86%     51.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3      8.57%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         2      5.71%     65.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      2.86%     68.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         2      5.71%     74.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     14.29%     88.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         1      2.86%     91.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      2.86%     94.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      2.86%     97.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      2.86%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     35                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   179      3.35%      3.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       13      0.24%      3.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  4603     86.23%     89.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     173      3.24%     93.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     93.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     93.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      293      5.49%     98.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   69      1.29%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   5338                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               457                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 269                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  15                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 275                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   269                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     6                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601751                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.400000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.742240                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          963399500     61.90%     61.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            346644000     22.27%     84.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            246337500     15.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      179                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
