
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.853524                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1853523837000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1853523837000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 163737                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   163737                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4904706265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 821716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   377.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61877553                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      61877553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1236928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        34185216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      2748864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           38171008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1236928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1236928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23011072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23011072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            19327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           534144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide         42951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              596422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        359548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             359548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             667339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           18443365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide         1483048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              20593751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        667339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           667339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12414770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12414770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12414770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            667339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          18443365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide        1483048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             33008521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      596422                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     359548                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    596422                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   359548                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               38160192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23010304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                38171008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23011072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          175                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             37206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             37089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             37900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             38670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             37292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             37963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             36424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             36970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             37022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            36774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            36854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            36789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            37661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            37993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            36886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             22309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             23531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             22282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            21982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            22015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            22081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            22539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            22713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            22479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1853519446000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                596422                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               359548                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  324840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  135456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   73050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   24690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    4533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    3997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                    4183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                    2625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                   2194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                   2073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                   1946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                   1881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                   1633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                   1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                   1606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                   1617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                   1776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                   1296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   6472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  10615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  15584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  19415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  19843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  20980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  21407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  25546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  24149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  24880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  11674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   8744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   4972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   1252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   1173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                   1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                   1300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                   1494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                   1574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                   1796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                   1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                   1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   1818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   1987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   1936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   1906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   1794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   1541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   1275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        88651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    630.233703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   401.213913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   420.616304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18612     20.99%     20.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9654     10.89%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4838      5.46%     37.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3270      3.69%     41.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2712      3.06%     44.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2198      2.48%     46.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2152      2.43%     49.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5036      5.68%     54.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40179     45.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        88651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.185522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    868.741253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        21892     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         21895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.420918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.330030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.319159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         20575     93.97%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           819      3.74%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           147      0.67%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            45      0.21%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            92      0.42%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            44      0.20%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            50      0.23%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            10      0.05%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             5      0.02%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            13      0.06%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            12      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            13      0.06%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            13      0.06%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             8      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             5      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            16      0.07%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             8      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             3      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             5      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             8      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         21895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19259980000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             28518395000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2981265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                6277150000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     32301.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  10527.66                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47829.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     20.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.71                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   530205                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  315689                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1938888.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.prechargeAllPercent             0.39                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     33042542                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              297392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             297317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            359548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            305946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           305946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       129053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       129053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        30874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1424031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1455055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1584108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5496704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5496704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        41172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     55685376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     55726548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            61223252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               61223252                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            21888                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            27863998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3982902750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               97000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          389702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         5153124319                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                43125                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.342940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                43125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1711315588000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.342940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.021434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.021434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               388493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              388493                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        42976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           42976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             43166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            43166                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     31148871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31148871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13655755421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13655755421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13686904292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  13686904292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13686904292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  13686904292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        42976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         42976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           43166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          43166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 163941.426316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163941.426316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 317753.058009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 317753.058009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 317076.038827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        406043                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                29702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.670561                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           42935                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                42935                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        42976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        42976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        43166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21266871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21266871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11418573421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11418573421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11439840292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11439840292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11439840292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11439840292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 111930.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111930.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 265696.514822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265696.514822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265019.698188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 316                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2742272                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        355                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                16161228                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          13852925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            392513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10914910                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 7483755                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             68.564514                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  917137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              36138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     11651852                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      45103                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           505                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   998354                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     7873889                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     12301                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          464                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  367679                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     19525741                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      57404                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           969                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1366033                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     1330651                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     32946                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                         1143                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 1363597                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                        122088040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           26628615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       85451166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    16161228                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            8400892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      16076463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 2564049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               49117809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                32615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        262339                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       343740                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          264                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  10149401                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                360244                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           94029330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.908771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.241973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 77952867     82.90%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   922441      0.98%     83.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1954114      2.08%     85.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   813918      0.87%     86.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  4176467      4.44%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   616205      0.66%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   671863      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1010968      1.08%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  5910487      6.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             94029330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.132374                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.699914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 28503465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              48288145                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  14190110                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1522184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1525425                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved               621231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                 42475                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               83077708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                130604                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1525425                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 30049868                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                12498644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       30679965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  13738542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               5536884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               78399482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 20604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 444534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               2882279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            52123097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              95622830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         95441809                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            168273                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              44148620                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  7974469                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            1801824                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         375362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  14873537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             12171236                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             8415987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1452386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           896050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   68513835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2146227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  66640359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            112922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         8469806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5176652                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        1318904                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      94029330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.708719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.353041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            65025363     69.15%     69.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            12286418     13.07%     82.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             6478325      6.89%     89.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             4289744      4.56%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             3035306      3.23%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1608539      1.71%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              869117      0.92%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              362706      0.39%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               73812      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        94029330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   78004     10.40%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 372459     49.68%     60.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                299269     39.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              7734      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              45506706     68.29%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                62218      0.09%     68.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     68.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               26653      0.04%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                3863      0.01%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             12135306     18.21%     86.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             7954966     11.94%     98.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess             942913      1.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               66640359                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.545839                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      749732                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.011250                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          227394400                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          78758601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     64671625                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              778301                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             385166                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       365551                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               66977475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  404882                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           662724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1677973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2955                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14222                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       758788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        17419                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        567707                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1525425                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 7781977                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                439257                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            74830395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           1959140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              12171236                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              8415987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            1861306                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 252283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 24293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          14222                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         198704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       400863                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               599567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              65832712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              11725827                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            807646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                       4170333                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     19627496                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 10658546                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    7901669                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.539223                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       65157511                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      65037176                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  31721592                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  41716404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.532707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.760411                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         8966336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          827323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            554821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     92503905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.710496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.654911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     68602785     74.16%     74.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9947232     10.75%     84.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4809727      5.20%     90.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3112977      3.37%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1914644      2.07%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       710424      0.77%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537204      0.58%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       567203      0.61%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2301709      2.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     92503905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             65723630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               65723630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       18150462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      10493263                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      266447                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   10169531                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     360456                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  60842871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               755650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               2301709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    164627786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   150906694                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          894672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        28058710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3584952924                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                    61877553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      61877553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              61877553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.973059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.973059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.506827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.506827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 86392015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                46520948                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    167352                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   168204                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 2314070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                1200755                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.l2.tags.replacements                    519858                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32456.235891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1473687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    519858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.834788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3524929750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    21222.968889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       3696.330619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7536.936384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.647674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.112803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.230009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        21709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975372                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  23881290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 23881290                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst               824753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data               498524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1323277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           825457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                825457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data               4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             160579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                160579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                824753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                659103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1483856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst               824753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               659103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1483856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst              19329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data             271375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                290704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           263035                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              263035                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               19329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              534410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 553739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              19329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             534410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                553739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1489515496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21068374997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22557890493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        46998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        46998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24190173436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   24190173436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    1489515496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   45258548433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      46748063929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1489515496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  45258548433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     46748063929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           844082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           769899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1613981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       825457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            825457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         423614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            423614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            844082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2037595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           844082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1193513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2037595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.022899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.352481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.180116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.712418                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.712418                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.620931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.620931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.022899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.447762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.271761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.022899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.447762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.271761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77061.177298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77635.651762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77597.454775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   431.174312                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   431.174312                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91965.606995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91965.606995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77061.177298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84688.812771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84422.559959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77061.177298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84688.812771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84422.559959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               316613                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    316613                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         19328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        271375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           290703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           109                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       263035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         263035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          19328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         534410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            553738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         19328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        534410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           553738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1245812504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17702172003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18947984507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1092609                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1092609                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20936157064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20936157064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1245812504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38638329067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39884141571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1245812504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38638329067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39884141571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1264635500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1264635500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1783751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1783751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3048387000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3048387000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.180116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.712418                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712418                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.447762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.271761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.447762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.271761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64456.358858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65231.403051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65179.872609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10023.935780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10023.935780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79594.567506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79594.567506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64456.358858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72300.909539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72027.098684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64456.358858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72300.909539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72027.098684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    98889081                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1620872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1620734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             8938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           825457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           466589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          423622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1688366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3243808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4932174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     54021248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    129259092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          183280340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             183271700                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus           21568                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2269358484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1270160663                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1877535903                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1508877                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6689                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6689                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51914                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51914                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        30874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        86332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        86332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        18656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        41172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2755568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2755568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2796740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2796740                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13538000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             3722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           393142292                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            21936000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            843520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.367587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9234608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            843520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             10.947705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       28831966250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.367587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          21143078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         21143078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      9253649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9253649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       9253649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9253649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      9253649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9253649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       895748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        895748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       895748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         895748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       895748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        895748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12954968406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12954968406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12954968406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12954968406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12954968406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12954968406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     10149397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10149397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     10149397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10149397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     10149397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10149397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.088256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14462.737741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.737741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.737741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          609                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.442529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   304.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        51464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        51464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        51464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        51464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        51464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       844284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       844284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       844284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       844284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       844284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       844284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10597826332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10597826332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10597826332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10597826332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10597826332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10597826332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12552.442462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.442462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.442462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1192397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.985138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14077968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1192397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.806444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          36330000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.985138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          37535378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         37535378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      8951057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         8951057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4525044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4525044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       276476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       276476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       349603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       349603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13476101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13476101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13476101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13476101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1284759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1284759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2768390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2768390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        15636                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15636                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4053149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4053149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4053149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4053149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41067937570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41067937570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 156371333577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 156371333577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    254834750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    254834750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        77001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        77001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 197439271147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 197439271147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 197439271147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 197439271147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     10235816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10235816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      7293434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7293434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       292112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       292112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       349608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       349608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     17529250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17529250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     17529250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17529250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.379573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053527                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.053527                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.231222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.231222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.231222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.231222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31965.479572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31965.479572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56484.575359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56484.575359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16297.950243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16297.950243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48712.561800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      9809896                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            173848                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.428006                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   156.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       825457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            825457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       527260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       527260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2344765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2344765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         3094                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         3094                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2872025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2872025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2872025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2872025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       757499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       757499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       423625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       423625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1181124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1181124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1181124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1181124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26775063763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26775063763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26277391676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26277391676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    161466750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161466750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        66999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        66999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53052455439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53052455439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53052455439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53052455439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1349122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1349122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1891021998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1891021998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3240144498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3240144498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042936                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042936                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35346.665491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35346.665491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62029.841667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62029.841667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12874.083081                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12874.083081                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13399.800000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13399.800000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44916.922727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6299                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     204366                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    73522     41.32%     41.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      93      0.05%     41.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1876      1.05%     42.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  102430     57.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               177921                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     72153     49.33%     49.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       93      0.06%     49.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1876      1.28%     50.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    72153     49.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                146275                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1814726516000     97.91%     97.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                47124000      0.00%     97.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               523156500      0.03%     97.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             38226176500      2.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1853522973000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981380                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.704413                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.822135                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          9      2.61%      2.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         32      9.28%     11.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.16%     13.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         44     12.75%     25.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.29%     26.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.29%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        16      4.64%     31.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        12      3.48%     34.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.74%     36.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.16%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.74%     39.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        12      3.48%     42.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.58%     43.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        57     16.52%     59.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.74%     61.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        11      3.19%     64.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      2.90%     67.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.29%     67.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         8      2.32%     70.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        58     16.81%     86.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.87%     87.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        17      4.93%     92.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.29%     93.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.87%     93.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.61%     96.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.58%     97.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.58%     97.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.16%     98.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.58%     99.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.58%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    345                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4225      2.29%      2.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       57      0.03%      2.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                170732     92.68%     95.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    3222      1.75%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.01%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5219      2.83%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  543      0.29%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      183      0.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 184213                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6080                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1894                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2030                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2039                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1894                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   145                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.335362                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.071429                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.407637                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        29246530000      1.58%      1.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           2792586500      0.15%      1.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1821483848500     98.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4226                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000914                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   913592500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1854437429500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8210913                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8210861                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              119657004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 822524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    62690321                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      62690321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           26240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           31936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       598016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             656192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        26240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       601408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          601408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide          9344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               10253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          9397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               9397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           28721777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           34956504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide       654576302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             718254583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      28721777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         28721777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       658289117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            658289117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       658289117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          28721777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          34956504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide      654576302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1376543700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       10253                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       9397                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     10253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     9397                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 656000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  600448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  656192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               601408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     917918500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 10253                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 9397                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                     994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                     914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                     579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                    473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                    464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                    424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                    408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                    363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                    356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                    347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                    353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                    389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                    306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    993.926421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   947.061426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.886560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           26      2.17%      2.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255            8      0.67%      2.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383            1      0.08%      2.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511            4      0.33%      3.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            1      0.08%      3.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            1      0.08%      3.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.08%      3.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1154     96.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.794971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     58.599320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            512     99.03%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            2      0.39%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.19%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.147002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.482117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      6.418063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           444     85.88%     85.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19             2      0.39%     86.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             8      1.55%     87.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            17      3.29%     91.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            10      1.93%     93.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            12      2.32%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             2      0.39%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             2      0.39%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.19%     96.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             2      0.39%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.19%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             2      0.39%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             3      0.58%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.39%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             6      1.16%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.19%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.19%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1468633750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1559855000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   51250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                  39971250                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    143281.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   3899.63                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               152180.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       718.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       657.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    718.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    658.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       4.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     9343                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8868                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                94.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      46713.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.prechargeAllPercent            14.91                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                   1383912412                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              9397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              11                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        28166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        28166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         3177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1199104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1199104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        58496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        59724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             1258828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1258828                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus             5504                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1067000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy            95212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization              10.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           85128250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            9660989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 9430                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 9446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                84870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               84870                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide         9408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            9408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              9430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             9430                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      2495990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2495990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3000849341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3000849341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3003345331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3003345331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3003345331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3003345331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         9408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          9408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            9430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           9430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 113454.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113454.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 318967.829613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318967.829613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 318488.370201                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         90988                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.827964                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            9392                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 9392                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         9408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         9430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1351990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1351990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2511116841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2511116841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2512468831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2512468831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2512468831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2512468831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 61454.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61454.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 266912.929528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266912.929528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266433.598197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  73                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   602112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         74                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  215542                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            164752                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             10260                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               141891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                   78893                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             55.601130                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   20548                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               1039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       179778                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1452                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            30                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    49881                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      113099                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       362                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           89                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   26434                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       292877                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1814                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           119                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                    76315                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       47159                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      4951                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          134                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   52110                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                          1464578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             428719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1130401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      215542                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches              99441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        207005                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   45603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles                 600303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 1651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         20009                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2542                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    152568                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  6810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            1289978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.876295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.239908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  1082973     83.95%     83.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                    15103      1.17%     85.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    20128      1.56%     86.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                    20633      1.60%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    27069      2.10%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                    15671      1.21%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    14603      1.13%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    11490      0.89%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                    82308      6.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              1289978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.147170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.771827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   448730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                607934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    197350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                  7547                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                  28417                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved                13509                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                  1360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1105935                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                  4560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                  28417                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   463951                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  137322                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles         424597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    189891                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                 45800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1052576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                   1771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents                 10912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands              704248                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               1252349                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          1251501                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               709                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                580759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   123495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts              34533                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           4726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    133114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               194401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              119585                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads             31127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            21075                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                     931692                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               36706                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                    896373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              1737                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          147260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        78128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          24519                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       1289978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.694875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.396365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              921875     71.46%     71.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              146963     11.39%     82.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               77798      6.03%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               56858      4.41%     93.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               42511      3.30%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               20312      1.57%     98.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               15367      1.19%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                6918      0.54%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                1376      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         1289978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     803      4.72%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      4.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   9546     56.10%     60.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  6668     39.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                570598     63.66%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  127      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  40      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               189964     21.19%     84.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              114823     12.81%     97.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess              20819      2.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                 896373                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.612035                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       17017                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.018984                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            3098386                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           1114602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       875269                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                3093                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               1527                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         1447                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                 911765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    1623                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            11022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          477                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10778                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          396                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           416                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                  28417                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  125926                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  2596                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1015234                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             12653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                194401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               119585                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              31530                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   1076                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   830                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            477                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           4680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9588                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                14268                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                885870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                182130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             10504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                         46836                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       295963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   137732                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     113833                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.604864                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                         880630                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                        876716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                    411127                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                    541994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.598613                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.758545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          161873                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           12187                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts             13104                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1261561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.674242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.660081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       959092     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       135735     10.76%     86.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        51617      4.09%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31272      2.48%     93.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22183      1.76%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11503      0.91%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9731      0.77%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10244      0.81%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30184      2.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1261561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts               850598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                 850598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         271228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                        162421                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                        4570                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     127166                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       1378                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                    795237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                16021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 30184                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      2231627                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     2053443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            9299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          174600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                       362568                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                      812768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                        812768                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                812768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.801963                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.801963                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.554950                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.554950                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  1137063                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                  631827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       667                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      621                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                   40183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                  19083                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.l2.tags.replacements                       841                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32361.164080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      435482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     33348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.058714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    16075.277545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8374.084455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       7911.802080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.490579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.255557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.241449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        22179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992035                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    254642                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   254642                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst                15226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data                 5260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   20486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             6254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  6254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               3539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 15226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  8799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                15226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 8799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                 500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29415500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     29973750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        59389250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3906249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3906249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      29415500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      33879999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         63295499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29415500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     33879999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        63295499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            15636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data             5700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               21336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              6254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           3599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             15636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data              9299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            15636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data             9299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.026222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.077193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.039839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.016671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.016671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.026222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.053769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.036495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.026222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.053769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.036495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71745.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68122.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69869.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65104.150000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65104.150000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71745.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67759.998000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69555.493407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71745.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67759.998000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69555.493407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                    5                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                         5                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data           500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     24390750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48647750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        90009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        90009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3158751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3158751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     27549501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51806501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     27549501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51806501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data     74902500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     74902500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data     48975500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48975500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    123878000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    123878000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.039839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.036495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.036495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59163.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55433.522727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57232.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52645.850000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52645.850000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59163.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55099.002000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56930.220879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59163.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55099.002000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56930.220879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2187912007                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              21743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             21743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             6254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            13007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        31274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 57500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1000704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       998028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total            1998732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               1997324                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus            1536                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           22329000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            33000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          23529990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          14566009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                     660596491                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  405                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 405                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9691                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9691                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        18860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        18860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   20192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       602288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       602288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total               603516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                  603516                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            86022081                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               9.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             9705750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             15637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.989969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              154710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             16149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              9.580160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.989969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            320774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           320774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       135669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          135669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        135669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           135669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       135669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          135669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        16899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         16899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          16899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         16899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    246042988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246042988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    246042988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    246042988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    246042988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    246042988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       152568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       152568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       152568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       152568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       152568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       152568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14559.618202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14559.618202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14559.618202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14559.618202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14559.618202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14559.618202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    197604010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197604010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    197604010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197604010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    197604010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197604010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.102499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.102499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.102499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12636.143369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12636.143369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12636.143369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12636.143369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12636.143369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12636.143369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              9299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              260979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             10323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.281314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            563463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           563463                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       148354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          148354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        79667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          79667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         4113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         4041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        228021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           228021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       228021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          228021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        15853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         15853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        24696                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24696                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data          357                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          357                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        40549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          40549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        40549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         40549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    330695507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330695507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    318788442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    318788442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4514750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4514750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        25501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    649483949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    649483949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    649483949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    649483949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       164207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       104363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       104363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         4470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         4042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       268570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       268570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       268570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       268570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.096543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.096543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.236636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.236636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.079866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000247                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.150981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.150981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20860.121554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20860.121554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12908.505102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12908.505102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12646.358543                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12646.358543                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        25501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        25501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16017.261807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16017.261807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16017.261807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16017.261807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               387                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.335917                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              6254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        10322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        21089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        21089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        31411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        31411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        31411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        31411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     86882002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86882002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     43331740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43331740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1962250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1962250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        23499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        23499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    130213742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130213742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    130213742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130213742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data     79881500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     79881500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data     52371500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     52371500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    132253000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    132253000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.033683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034562                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034562                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038031                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038031                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000247                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15708.190562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15708.190562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12013.235376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.235376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11542.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11542.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        23499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14249.698183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.698183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14249.698183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.698183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       39                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       4176                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1285     43.47%     43.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      14      0.47%     43.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    1657     56.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 2956                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1283     49.73%     49.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       14      0.54%     50.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1283     49.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  2580                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                710743000     77.79%     77.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 7381500      0.81%     78.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               195567000     21.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            913691500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998444                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.774291                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.872801                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          2     16.67%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      8.33%     41.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         2     16.67%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      8.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      8.33%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      8.33%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      8.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    84      2.59%      2.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        8      0.25%      2.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  2823     87.21%     90.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     171      5.28%     95.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.03%     95.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.03%     95.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      119      3.68%     99.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   29      0.90%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   3237                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               188                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 104                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  15                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 110                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   104                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     6                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.585106                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.400000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.716612                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          526074500     57.58%     57.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            141279500     15.46%     73.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            246337500     26.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       84                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
